---
published: false
---
## SOL Grill and Taceria 

### Washington, DC

Looking for a classic taco spot in the city?


## Summary

Look no further the SOL grill in the city is absolutely crazy interms of autheticity a dominican owner/manager and hispanic staff making real authentic food. Everything in the kitchen is made in your face using real ingredients.

## Atmosphere
This place looks standard in terms of most taco shops around there is a bar for ordering, drink fountain and another bar for condiments and such but it's behind the bar for ordeing because they charge for extra toppings. All of the nice decorations and some sculpture that kinda give it the saloon feel if it wasn't winter time the appeal would have been much better but overall you feel like you are in a bar for the most part and that's fine for a decnt taco spot like this.


## Food
Pretty good can't lie I tried 3 different tacos I tried the Carne Asada\ Chorizo and the Chicken. Chicken was something of a disapointment honestly. It was seasoned but I was like maybe a bit overcooked and that kinda killed any of the flavor that tried to pop, I wanted to like the steak so bad and don't mistake my review for bashign on the steak at all it was good lacking a bit more spice for my liking but  for me nothing topped the Chorizo spicy enough for a kick but burning your tongue well seasoned and honestly i could have just had then ad een perfectly content with just leaving a good tip for the chorizo knowing I would come back for more later in the day.

The chorizo is on point and I definately reccomned the chorizo taco if nothing else.

I grabbed a quesadilla to go with the carne Asada steak and some queso sauce which really made the steak shine so if you can help it and you try the steak be sure to get some of the queso sauce with it to complete the meal because honestly it's not complete without it.

## Price
Pricely are not crazy compared ot the other places in the city very close to chipotle prices for actual authentic food which I don;t feel bad paying for. I went at a very good time since taco tuesday deals are absolutely crazy and with taco being 2 bucks which at that price you might as well go ahead and grab a beer with ti whihc what they were going for I think. But if your short on cash this place is definately a showstopper for qaulity bang for your buck.

## Overal Experience and Rating.
This is a classic taco spot that you could take anyone too for a good taco stop well cooked and seaonsed food and amazing taco tuesday deals that are very hard to beat. If your in the mood for taco burritos and quesadillas, short on cash and it just so happens to be tuesday then SOL is your godsend My rating for SOL is a solid 4  out of 5.


P.S. Try the Chorizo it's my personal favorite.