---
published: false
---
## Artie's 

### Vienna, Virginia.

This litte place is kinda hard to find if you're not looking for it. Neatly placed in a shopping center behind the circle towers apertment complex next to a ski shop is Artie's seafood themed and a little low-key.

This place reminds me of a Red Lobster and a fancy IHOP. I neglected to get any seafood but I did get something I couldn't resist. An entree of chicken and waffles. Before the entree got there where were asked if we wanted a bread basket for the table and something unusual but something I thought was very diffwerent but cool was in the bread basket is something like a doughnut and honestly I fell in love with it and I didn't expect it. They also give dishes of butter, preserves and syrup, I honestly think it's one of the best parts of if not the best part of the resturant as a whole it almost trumps the entrees.

My entree the Chicken and Waffles was better then most places I have been to and trumps alot of other hole in the wall places  usualy make my way for a cheap bite to eat for 12 bucks you get this dish.


Not bad at all and from my experience eating this they don't have a bad cook in the kitchen, Chicken was well cooked not dry at all and the bourbon flavored syrup was a great touch to the whole experience and was something that ginuenely made me excited Fluffy waffle and as much as people think this would be the standard I have been toplaces where the waffled are premade and frozen but here I am sure the waffle was made fresh that day sprinkled with powdered sugar definately worth my while on this classic dish.

Servers really nice greeted me on my way and out and all wearing uniforms kinda meeting that united crew  having the look of a resturant team, My server even brought me more bread and/doughnuts and syrup for free and brought me an extra chicken breast for my chicken and waffles.  very good atmosphere and decor all around alot of maritime memorabilia. Overall this place has really nice charm and if you are in the area I would check this place out it's not an astro's or an old ebbit grille but it's definately worth visiting if you have the time.

Overall rating 3/5.

P.S. If you come here get extra bread and ask for extra syrup you'll thank me later.